 And those are things like statements of fact. And this is where my email came into play. If you read it all the way to the bottom, you would have entered a raffle. So statement of fact for today's lecture is someone will win a prize before class ends. And the prize was a Google Cardboard, right? Google State of the Art Virtual Reality Glasses. And they have it right here. OK. Yay. OK. I delivered on my promise. OK. So that's a statement of fact. But if you so pretend I'm a machine, OK? I don't know anything except what you tell me. So I don't know. I know that you tell me the statement. I'm like, OK. But how is someone going to win a Google Cardboard before class ends, right? That's where imperative knowledge comes in. So imperative knowledge is the recipe or the sequence of steps. OK. Sorry. That's just my funny for that one. So the sequence of steps is the imperative knowledge. So if I'm a machine, you need to tell me how that someone will win a Google Cardboard before class, right? So if I follow these steps, then technically, I should reach a conclusion. OK. So step one, I think we've already done that. Whoever wanted to sign up had signed up. So now I'm going to open my IDE. So I'm just basically being a machine following the steps that you've told me. So the IDE that we're using in this class is called anaconda. I'm just scroll down to the bottom. OK. Hopefully you've installed it in problem set 0. So I've opened my IDE. I'm going to follow the next set of instructions. I'm going to choose a random number between the first and the end responder. OK. Now I'm going to actually use Python to do this. And this is also an example of how just like a really simple task in your life, you can use computers or programming to do that. Because if I chose a random number, I might be biased because, for example, I might like the number 8. So to choose a random number, I'm going to go and say, OK, where's the list of responders? It starts at 15. Actually, it starts at 16 because that's me. OK. So we're going to choose a random number between 16 and the end person 266. Oh, we just got, oh, OK. OK, I'm going to cut it off right here at 271. OK, 16 and 271. Perfect. OK. So I'm going to choose a random number. So I'm going to go to my IDE. And you don't need to know how to do this yet, but by the end of this class, you will. So I'm just going to use Python. I'm just going to get the random number package that's going to get me a random number. So I'm going to say random dot, random int. And I'm going to choose a random number between 16 and 272. OK, 75. Great. So I chose a random number. And I'm going to find the number in the responders sheet. What was the number again? Sorry. 75. Oh, OK. Up we go. There we go. Lauren, ZOV. Yeah, nice. You're here. Awesome. All right. So that's an example of me being a machine, right? And also at the same time using Python in just my everyday life, just lecturing just to find a random number, right? So just try to use Python wherever you can. And that just gives you practice. OK. So that was fun. But we're at MIT. We're at MIT students, right? And we love numbers here at MIT. So here's a numerical example for that shows the difference between declarative and imperative knowledge.