 Once we've created expressions and we have these assignments, you can re-bind variable names using new assignment statements. So let's look at an example for that. Let's say this is our memory. Let's type back in the example with finding the radius. So let's say pi is equal to 3.14. So in memory, we're going to create this value 3.14. We're going to bind it to the variable name pi. Next line, radius is equal to 2.2. In memory, we're creating this value 2.2, and we're going to bind it to the variable name pi radius. Then we have this expression here. It's going to substitute the values for pi from memory and the value for radius from memory. It's going to calculate the value that this expression evaluates to. It's going to pop that into the memory, and it's going to assign, because we're using the equal sign. It's going to assign that value to that variable area. So now let's say we re-bind radius to be something else. So radius is bound to the value 2.2. But when we do this line, radius is equal to radius plus 1. We're going to take away the binding to 2.2. We're going to do this calculation. The new value is 3.2, and we're going to bind that value to that same variable. So in memory, notice we're still going to have this value 2.2 floating around. But we've lost the handle for it. There's no way to get it back. It's in memory sitting there. At some point, it might get collected by what we call the garbage collector in Python. It'll retrieve these lost values, and reuse them for new values. Things like that. But radius now points to the new value. So we can never get back 2.2. And that's it. The value of area, notice this is very important. The value of area did not change. And it did not change because these are all the instructions we told the computer to do. We just told it to change radius to be radius plus 1. We never told it to recalculate the value of area. If I copied that line down here, then the value of area would change. But we never told it to do that. So the computer only does what we tell it to do.