 So what's the meaning of the phrase? And in English, you can actually have more than one meaning to an entire phrase. So in this case, flying planes are dangerous. Flying planes can be dangerous. Can have two meanings. Is the act of flying a plane is dangerous? Or the plane that is in the air is dangerous. And this might be a cuter example. This reading lamp hasn't uttered a word since I bought it. What's going on? So that has two meanings. It's playing on the word reading lamp. In programming, so that's in English. In English, you can have a sentence that has more than one meaning. That's syntactically correct and then static semantically correct. But in programming languages, the program that you write, instead of instructions that you write, only has one meaning. So remember, we're coming back to the fact that the computer only does what you tell it to do. It's not going to suddenly decide to add another variable for some reason. It's just going to execute whatever statements you put up. So in programming languages, there's only one meaning. But the problem that comes into play in programming languages is it's not the meaning that you might have intended as the programmer. So that's where things can go wrong. And there's going to be a lecture on debugging a little bit later in the course. But this is here just to tell you that if you see an error pop in your program, it's just some text that says error notes. Some, for example, if we do something like this, this is syntactically correct. Incorrect. Syntactically incorrect. There's some angry text right here. What is going on? The more you program, the more you'll get the hang of reading these errors. But this is basically telling me the line that I wrote is syntactically incorrect. And it's pointing me to the exact line and says, this is wrong. So I can go back and fix it as a programmer. So syntax errors are actually really easily caught by Python. Static semantic errors. So that was an example of a syntax error. Static semantic errors.