 The things we're going to learn in this class can be divided into basically three different sections. So the first one is related to these first two items here. So it's really about learning how to program. So learning how to program is, part of it is figuring out what objects to create. You'll learn about these later. How do you represent knowledge with data structures? That's sort of the broad term for that. And then as you're writing programs, you need to, programs aren't just the near. Sometimes programs jump around, they make decisions. There's some control flow to programs. So that's what the second line is going to be about. The second big part of this course is a little bit more abstract. And it deals with how do you write good code? Good style. Code that's readable. So when you write code, you want to write it such that, you know, you're in a big company. Other people will read it. Other people will use it. Also has to be readable and understandable by others. So to that end, you need to write code that's well-organized, modular, easy to understand. And not only that, not only will your code be read by other people, but next year, maybe you'll take another course and you'll want to look back at some of the problem sets you wrote in this class. You kind of want to be able to reread your code, right? If it's a big mess, you might not be able to understand or re-understand what you are doing. Writing readable code and organizing code is also a big part. And the last section is going to deal with, so the first two are actually part of the programming in introduction to programming and computer science in Python. And the last one deals mostly with the computer science part in introduction to programming and computer science in Python. So we're going to talk about, once you've learned how to write programs in Python, how do you compare programs in Python? How do you know that one program is better than the other? How do you know that one program is more efficient than the other? How do you know that one algorithm is better than the other? So that's where we're going to talk about in the last part of the course. OK, so that's all for the sort of administrative part of the course. So let's start by talking at a high level what does a computer do. So fundamentally.