 I guess four main parts. So the first is the memory. And put it out, put it's the other one. The ALU is where all of the operations are done. And the operations that the ALU can do are these really primitive operations, subtractions, and so on. So what the memory contains is a bunch of data and your sequence of instructions. So interacting with the arithmetic logic unit is the control unit. And the control unit contains one program counter. So when you load a sequence of instructions, the program counter starts at the first sequence. It starts at the sequence at the first instruction. It gets what the instruction is, and it sends it to the ALU. The ALU asks, what are we doing operations on here? What's happening? So it might get some data. If you're adding two numbers, it might get two numbers from memory. It might do some operations, and it might store data back into memory. And after it's done, the ALU is going to go back, and the program counter is going to increase by one, which means that we're going to go to the next sequence in the instruction set. And it just goes linearly instruction by instruction. There might be one particular instruction that does some sort of test. It's going to say, is this particular value greater or equal to or the same as this other particular value? So that's a test, an example of a test. And the test is going to be either return something either return true or false. And depending on the result of that test, you might either go to the next instruction, or you might set the program counter to go all the way back to the beginning and so on. So you're not just linearly stepping through all the instructions. There might be some control flow involved, where you might skip an instruction or start from the beginning or so on. And after you're done, when you finished executing the last instruction, then you might output something. So that's really the basic way that a computer works. So just to recap, you have the stored program computer that contains these sequences of instructions, the primitive operations.